Arcsight ESM v2 - fix wrong query returned in invalid viewer query id error message (#10176)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcSightESM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### ArcSight ESM v2

> - Improved error message in case invalid Query Viewer ID was given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved error message that is returned when an invalid Query Viewer ID is given.
```
